Module error with namespace Foo\Repository, change composer links (Backported #1364 + Fix) (#1497)
PrestaShop/docs: modules/concepts/hooks/use-hooks-on-modern-pages.md

./bin/console cache:clear --no-warmup
```

> In case Prestashop failed to autoload automatically, [you can generate the autoload files][setup-composer] with composer manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If PrestaShop fails to load files automatically, [you can generate the autoloader][setup-composer] with Composer. This will create a `vendor` directory with a Composer-based autoloader inside.
```

> This will generate a vendor folder, with inside composer folder and autoload.php file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
